Create 2023-3-29-ipfs-thing-content-tracks (#547)
ipfs/ipfs-blog: src/_blog/2023-3-29-ipfs-thing-content-tracks.md

---

title: Announcing the Content Tracks for IPFS Thing 2023
description: 'An overview of the content tracks that the community will convene around during IPFS Thing 2023.'
author:
date: 2023-3-28
permalink: '/2023-3-29-ipfs-thing-content-tracks/'
header_image: '/2023-3-29-ipfs-thing-content-tracks.jpg'
tags:

- 'ipfs thing'
- 'event'

---

## Announcing the Content Tracks for IPFS Thing 2023

The IPFS implementers community will be gathering together in Brussels, Belgium in just a few weeks for [IPFS Thing 2023](https://2023.ipfs-thing.io/submit/).

Today we’re excited to finally share the final list of the content tracks so you can know what to expect! Each track will have a variety of talks and discussions from members of the community.

If you haven’t registered yet, head on over to [the event website](https://2023.ipfs-thing.io/) to grab your tickets today! [IPFS Thing 2023](https://2023.ipfs-thing.io/) is happening from **April 15-19 in Brussels, Belgium** and will include everything from talks, workshops, discussion circles, hacking time, and more.

> For those attending, you can also [submit a talk online.](https://2023.ipfs-thing.io/submit/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a talk or workshop to share? You can also [submit a talk](https://2023.ipfs-thing.io/submit/) though April 5.
```

### Opening Keynotes

During this opening session, we'll hear an overview of the latest implementations, tools, and advancements across the world of IPFS, and celebrate the winners of the IPFS Impact Grants Round 2.

### Standards, Governance, and DWeb Policy

> This track sits at the intersection of IPFS standards, governance, and dweb and regulation. What's the latest on the IPFS protocol and governance? What specific problems do we face regarding existing regulation? What new regulation or changes could be helpful? Are there interesting policy angles that we can surface, develop, and advocate for? How do we make the dweb a robust, sustainable commons?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This track sits at the intersection of IPFS standards, governance, and dweb and regulation. What's the latest on the IPFS protocol and governance? What specific problems do we face regarding existing regulation? What new regulation or changes could be helpful? Are there interesting policy angles that we can surface, develop, and advocate for? How do we make the dweb a robust, sustainable commons? (Track lead: Robin Berjon)

```

Can we add track lead names, and social handles if they exist, to each?
